
Note:
    How to run this program:

        the main method is in Data_Processor. If you want to get data from website, type in
        parameter 'remote' or nothing. If you want to get data from local CSV file in the same directory,
        type in parameter 'local'

    	Because of request rating limitation, I set a time sleep inside the for loop, if you choose to
    	get data from website, you need to wait for 2 - 3 minutes. I print some results while doing scraping to let
    	users know the program is running

1. What are the strengths of your data modeling format?
   Strongly Object-Oriented-Structure, easy to add, access and update the object.
   We can re-ordering or sorting the data we obtained by the specific field

2.What are the weaknesses? (Does your data model support? Sorting the information?
Re-ordering it? Only obtaining a certain subset of the information?)
   Hard to obtain a certain subset of the information

3. How do you store your data on disk?
   Store the data into CSV file

4. Let’s say you find another data source that relates to all 3 of your data sources
(i.e. a data source that relates to your existing data). How would you extend your
model to include this new data source? How would that change the interface?
   If this data source is very simple, like a string or a number, we can just add a
   new field to our exist class, and add a new method to find this data and new the class
   plus this data. If this data is complex, we can create another class for this data. Then
   add this new field to the exist class. We need to instantiate the new class, and use this
   new object to instantiate the exist class.
   To change the interface, we need to add extra expression in get_detail() method to extract
   the data we need to add. Then add new expression in get_movie() method to get this data and
   instantiate the object by this data.

5. How would you add a new attribute to your data (i.e. imagine you had a lat/long column in a
database. You might use that to access an API to get a city name. How would you add city name
to your data?)
   First add a new field called city to the old class and add a method called add_city().
   For loop every city in each row and get the city. Finally get the object I've created and call
   add_city() to add the city field to my class